17	broadband's goot!!!! =)...hey people...we must be more 'together'...we are breaking up...and that's like SUPER SAD!!! =(...that's why we must have og outing soon!!!!...yay!!! too bad basketball was cancelled...if not we WOULD have thrashed the other team...right? RIGHT!!!...heh...band was fun...though it was FREEZING!!!!...*brrr*....but fun...haha...how are your cca's coming along people?...having fun...i think my class is gonna watch the *erp* GROSS gp video tomorrow...i so do NOT want to see that...*urgh*...i think my eyes will be closed half the time..heh...well...take care everyone!! =)
35	The weather turned--just in time for our vacation.  Sunday, the long, cool, wet spring finally gave way to summer.  Sunny, warm and humid.  I was a puddle of sweat wrestling the luggage into the car.  Ditto here at Oak Island, North Carolina.  Ninety degrees today.  No wind, except at the seashore.  It feels great in the surf.  Think I'll go eat lunch and take a nap.
26	I can't decide if that small dark cloud is getting bigger and darker.  Every bit of news or opinion I hear sends me into new spasms of elation or despair.  I'm going to blame my ulcer on Angelos, too.   Speak of the Devil,  they say, and he pops in up the Washington Times.  Dig  urlLink this : Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos, still vehemently opposed to baseball in the Washington area, is lending his support to a late entry bid for the Montreal Expos from Puerto Rico. On balance, I declare this good news.  It's not quite as satisfying as the resigned, despondent Angelos we saw a couple weeks ago, but this means that he has not thrown his support behind the Loudoun bid.  That removes one of the reasons the Cabal gave for why MLB should pick them.  Given that Puerto Rico's a lost cause, I'll take this.   The news is not all good.   The Post concluded its three-part series on Bud Selig's reign of terror, and I'm less hopeful than ever.  (I broke down and registered -  urlLink here's  a roundup of the whole situation.  Very handy.)  From the third part: Selig, according to a major league official familiar with the process, had asked the relocation committee to look for alternatives to the District and Northern Virginia. Washington and Northern Virginia, he said, were not allowed to be "meaningfully discussed" because of Angelos's opposition and Selig's "unwavering support of Peter," the official said. Read the whole thing.  Also read the  urlLink chat  with author of the series, Steve Fainaru.  While you're at it, check out the  urlLink Primer thread .   So, some good news, lots of bad.   Maybe we'll look back at this and laugh.  But I have a feeling we'll look back at this and weep.  Or at least I will.  But I'm sensitive like that.
41	What a week. I didn't have much of a chance to play around with the site. As it is, I'm taking a quick break right now from cleaning my house and grabbing a bite to eat for lunch. It's one of those "my parents are coming for a visit this week" house cleanings." Why I feel compelled to clean every nook and cranny when they come is beyond me, but there you have it. I've talked to a lot of my friends and they suffer from this affliction as well. Seems to be a kid thing.   Well, I finally got the whole directive study problem resolved, albeit, not to my liking. It turns out I have to keep the instructor that was listed on my schedule. Of course, I'd already done the assignment and read the chapters for the first instructor. Figures the assignments are not at all similar. Turns out I ended up having to call the manager of the academic counselors to get it squared away. It seems my counselor was "confused" for some reason (his words) and emailed me the wrong instructor name. I explained to him that I had already done the assignment. Didn't do any good. All he said was "sorry for any inconvenience but there's nothing I can do." Well, the long and the short of it is that the instructor that was listed on my schedule gave me a week extension on the assignment because I didn't get it cleared up until the first night of class. He also granted me the extension with no penalties attached.   Work is going really well, albeit quite hectic. This is a busy time of year for us. We are just closing up a Fiscal Year and beginning another one. I'm sitting in for my lead while she is on maternity leave, so that makes things a lot more interesting. I can't really complain. The day goes by so fast but it's been a bit of a struggle to keep up. We have two new people in our group (I was just informed we're getting another one) and I've been training them. It makes it hard to keep up on my "real job' along with handling the lead responsibilities as well as training. I'm learning a lot though, so all in all, it's been a great experience.   The girls are doing really well. Both of them had a bit of a cold over the week but seem to be getting over it now. They are sitting on the floor doing each others hair at the moment.   I am busy trying to think of reasons not to get out of this chair and continue my quest for a clean house. Nothing really seems to be working so I guess I'd better get with it. It's not going to clean itself.   Ciao4now!  Moogie     Any comments or suggestions?  Feel free to send your wisecracks or kudos:   urlLink HERE.       If you don't want them published, please let me know.
37	I’m so afraid of losing memories. Memories of carefree, intense, passionate youth. It’s happening – old memories replaced by newer ones. Heaviness of life covering over the hopefulness. Reality sinking dreams of the awestruck heart. And I want to grab on, railing against the loss. I want to live again through these memories. And all I can do is want, because time doesn’t wait.  Running the tunnels of my mind seems to be a constant past-time. Images pop into view, a bit hazy like old photos. I touch them gingerly and move on, hoping I’ll be able to find my way back somehow.   A Wendy Moment–    I had done something terrible to someone I loved madly. So deep was the hurt in both of us – he crept away and I was left with dramatic physical and emotional effects of what I’d done. My shoulders and neck burned with tension. My throat was so constricted that I was unable to swallow food. I woke up repeatedly in the night, choking for breath, my heart beating irregularly. My eyes, darkened by grief and lack of sleep, were heavy and dull. There was no one I trusted to share this burden with – until Wendy.   I was sitting on the lower-level steps of the university’s student union, waiting by the series of glass doors leading to the bus stop. Wendy slipped up behind me and sat down. I don’t remember her saying anything. She just looked at me. Perhaps she touched my arm, and I saw assurance and acceptance in her eyes. I asked, “Can you keep a secret?” She nodded. (And probably made some smart-ass remark! But, I value sarcasm, so I was sold.)   And out it spilled. No tears that I remember. Just a deep sense of relief; no more going it alone. I don’t recall what words of wisdom she shared – though I’m sure she did because Wendy generally likes to tell people what to do, especially me. ;-)   I knew at that moment that we would be holding-fast, loving-boldly friends forever. She is still the tender keeper of my secrets.
25	urlLink    This is the house I've found to buy in Scotland.  I've always complained about my dwellings not having enough ventilation.  This one seems perfect though.  And it's cheap.  It's located in a little place called Middle Nowhereshire.   Do you like it? urlLink
48	For someone in the health field, I have always had a large antipathy toward healthy habits. I am fully aware that eating right, exercising, and refraining from smoking are far more effective ways of handling nearly all health problems than drugs, but I have never enjoyed doing those things. But lately my favorite ex-wife has bullied me into walking with her and though I hate to admit it, it feels GOOD. I have more energy. I am losing weight. My arthritis doesn't hurt as bad and I have less urge to smoke. I feel so *conventional*. But it is rather like starting a retirement account; conventional though it may be, it will serve to enhance my future. Hell, exercise is even enhancing my PRESENT.   So, I gripe and grumble, and I do it.   Charlotte and I take our dogs with us on these walks. They become ecstatic over "walkies.". I wish sometimes I could be more like a dog in my overall attitude toward life. Simple things like walks and rides in the car are sheer joy. Hurt feelings are forgotten immediately when something pleasant, like head patting or ear scratching, takes place. Finding the exact right spot to poop is cause for total contentment.   Dogs have what I think of as the Gomer Pyle philosophy of life. I used to love that show when I was a kid. Gomer always assumed the best of everyone, felt like life was good, and took everyone's intentions toward him to be good. And things worked out that way. As a natural-born moody, broody, depressive sort of person, it doesn't come naturally to me to behave like Gomer. But carefully titrated doses of anti-depressants, meditation, and years-long contemplation of Buddhist readings have convinced me that Gomer had the right idea. Being simple is the route to happiness.
24	This weekend I attended a beautiful wedding and here are a couple pictures. And thankfully there were NO politics involved. YES! Well a little Bush bashing, but that happens no matter where my mother and I are. ;)  Their ceremony was short and sweet, thank the Lord, so I did not get a sore ass. And we were in clear view of the most adorable children in our family. I love my little cousins, Lily and Grace. Grace is about 6 (going into first grade!) and Lily is 3ish. Another addition came right after my birthday in May. Her name is Ruby and she's HUGE. I can only say her name if I talk in my most deepest, manish voice. She's the biggest baby I have ever seen, even bigger than me when I was born (8 lbs 14 oz and 22" long). I thought that was impossible. So obviously when she grows up she will be a petite and gorgeous girl. OBVIOUSLY!  So back to the wedding, it was great. White everywhere, flowers everywhere. The bouquets were amazing. They were those big bunches of little flowers, like lilacs, but not; if I could remember the name, then I wouldn't be me. Everyone had a different color of these flowers. I was so amazed at the beautiful factor. Jamie and Debbie (the couple) are so simple and chill so it was a big shocker to see such a together and gorgeous wedding. I guess that's rude, but hey, that's me.  And when I realize how to put pictures on here, I will.  Oh I will!!   urlLink PICTURES   urlLink MORE PICS
